So you want to get started right away? This short guide's for you!

1. Open up Unreal Engine
2. Make sure the plugin is enabled (Edit->Plugins)

Now time to set up the achievements

3. Set up your achievements in Edit->Project Settings->Achievement Plugin (under the "Game" header)
In order to create more achievements, just click the + in the map AchievementsData.
The Key (name of the element) is what you will use later so make sure you use names you can easily remember! By default they will be called "Achievement_x" where x is the number of elements in the map by default
There are also a bunch of variables you can set, I will quickly go through them here:
Is Hidden = Unused by default. Can be used for your own achievement lists to hide achievements before they are unlocked.
Display Name = What name to display when an achievement gets unlocked/progress.
Description = Unused by default. Can be used for your own achievement lists to show a description.
Locked/Unlocked texture = Used for Widget popups to show the icon of the progressed/unlocked achievement.
Progress Goal = How many points need to be added before the achievement is unlocked.
Platform Data = Data required for any of the supported platforms. At the moment those are only IDs for the achievements and stats for Steam and Epic.
Current Progress = Debug data that shows the progress of the current achievement after the "Load/Update Runtime Stats" button is pressed.

4. Select what platform you are using at the bottom of the settings page (Local, Steam and EOS are supported as of writing)
5. Update your achievement's progress by using the "Change Achievement Progress" Node. The "Local Achievement Id" is the key you used earlier for the achievement in the map!

That's it! By default, you will now get achievement popups when unlocking/making progress in achievements and, if set correctly, Steam and Epic's achievements will now work too.
Of course there is much more you can do with this plugin, but this'll be enough to just get you started, have fun!